create prototype:
Now according to SRS, sequence diagram, API diagram, state diagram, component diagram, class diagram, ER
diagram, API contract diagram, Security Architecture diagram, Monitoring and Alerting Architecture diagram, 
Wireflow diagram, and Screen Transition diagram, create the Ascii Prototype of "SplashLogin" screen of rider under screen transition diagram. Moreover you also need to show responsiveness in case the user open the mobile app in tab or other big screen device.

iterate through prototype:
Now perform the second iteration to ensure that the Ascii prototype of "SplashLogin" screen of "rider" under Screen transition diagram is perfect in accordance with SRS, sequence diagram, API diagram, state diagram, component diagram, class diagram, ER diagram, API contract diagram, Security Architecture diagram, Monitoring and Alerting Architecture diagram, Wireflow diagram, and Screen Transition diagram.

iterate Data Migration / ETL Diagram:
Now perform second iteration to ensure that the Data Migration / ETL Diagram: "" is perfect in accordance with SRS, sequence diagram, deployment diagram, microservice architecture diagram, class and ERD diagram.


create Data Migration / ETL Diagram:
Now according to SRS, sequence diagram, deployment diagram, microservice architecture diagram, class and ERD diagram, create Data Migration / ETL Diagram.

iterate through CI/CD pipeline diagram:
Now perform second iteration to ensure that the CI/CD pipeline diagram: "" is perfect in accordance with SRS, sequence diagram, deployment diagram, and microservice architecture diagram.

create CI/CD pipeline diagram
Now according to SRS, sequence diagram, deployment diagram, and microservice architecture diagram, create CI/CD Pipeline Diagram.

create security architecture diagram:
Now according to SRS, sequence diagram, deployment diagram, and microservice architecture diagram: "", create security architecture diagram.

iterate through security architecture diagram:
Now perform second iteration to ensure that security architecture diagram is perfect according to SRS, sequence diagrams, deployment diagram, and microservice architecture diagram.

iterate through microservice architecture diagram:
current Microservice architecture diagram: "". Now perform second iteration and ensure that the Microservice Architecture diagram is perfect in accordance with SRS, Sequence diagrams, and deployment diagram.

create microservice architecture diagram:
Now according to SRS, sequence diagram, and Deployment Diagram, create the Microservice Architecture Diagram.

create system context diagram:
Now according to SRS, sequence diagram and deployment diagram, create the System context diagram.

iterate for system context diagram:
now perform second iteration to ensure that the system context diagram is perfect according to SRS, sequence diagram and deployment diagram.

iterate for deployment diagram:
your deployment diagram: "". Now perform second iteration to ensure that the deployment diagram is perfect in accordance with SRS and sequence diagram.

create deployment diagram:
Now i want you to make deployment diagram according to SRS and sequence diagram.

iterate for component diagram:
your deployment diagram: "". Now i want you to perform second iteration to ensure that the component diagram is completed according to the sequence diagram and the SRS: "".

create component diagram:
Now i want you to make component diagram. I could not give you SRS due to your limit constraint therefore i want you to check all information required from sequence diagram for component diagram

iteration of state diagram:
Now i want you to perform third iteration to ensure that no state diagram is left according to the sequence diagram and every state diagram is perfect. Also take information of SRS document from sequence diagrams as i cannot give it to you due to your prompt limit.

create state machine diagram:
Now i want you to make state diagram. I could not give you SRS due to your limit constraint therefore i want you to check all information required from sequence diagram for state diagram

create sequence diagram:
Now i want you to generate sequence diagram of "" use case specification: "" according to SRS document of the project. Respond in English.

iteration of sequence diagram
Your plantuml sequence diagram: "". Now perform second iteration to ensure that the sequence diagram is perfect in accordance with the SRS document and use case specification. Respond in English.

iteration of use case specification:
 Your use case specification: "". Now perform third iteration to ensure that use case specification is perfect in accordance with the SRS document

create use case specification:
now create use case specification for use case: "" according to SRS document